---
layout:     post  
title:      "Curriculum Vitae"   
subtitle:   ""   
date:       2018-08-19 08:53:00   
author:     "guanglinzhou"   
header-img: "img/post-bg-unix-linux.jpg"  
comments: true  
tags:
    - CV
---

<script type="text/javascript" async src="https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=TeX-MML-AM_CHTML"> </script>



<h1 style="text-align:center">Curriculum Vitae </h1>
   
   

&nbsp;    
&nbsp;  
&nbsp;   


#### Personal Information
Name: GUANGLIN ZHOU  
Birth: 05/01/1993  
Gender: Male  
Address: 443 Huangshan Road, Hefei, Anhui, China  
Phone: 18297912554  
Email: jameslin@mail.ustc.edu.cn    


#### Education Background
B. S. in Measurement and control technology and instruments, XIDIAN UNIVERSITY, 2012-2016  
GPA: 3.5 /4.0  
*Major course highlights:*  
Advanced mathematics (93/100)，Mathematical analysis (91/100)  
Data structure (87/100)，Digital signal processing (97/100)  
Microcomputer principle and system design (94/100)

M. S. in Automation, University of Science and Technology of China, 2016-present  
I’m supervised by Associate Professor FENG CHEN, in smart transportation and data fusion laboratory.  
*Major course highlights:*  
Advanced computer network (85/100)，Advanced computer graphics (85/100)  
Machine learning and data mining (82/100)，Wireless self-organizing network(90/100)    

#### Research Interest
My research interest mainly focuses on:  

-	data mining, especially spatio-temporal data like traffic data.  
-	knowledge base and knowledge graph.

#### Academic & Research Experience:
From Feb 2018 to Jun 2018, I realized a new map-matching method by using the trajectory data and road map data of city Hefei. The experiment was organized into a paper called “DRFMM: a map-matching algorithm based on distributed random forest multi-classification”, which published in the Conference ICTETS 2018.   
I’m currently researching on a subject, that is part of national key research and development plan, to detect the traffic hotspots like the traffic congestion area, find the cause of the hotspot and dispatch the city passenger transport system to evacuate the hotspot. Moreover, I’m trying to locate the hotspot area by computer graphics & data mining technique and later use the knowledge graph technique as the support for dispatching the city passenger transport system. All the data is provided by National Transportation Department and China Unicom.


#### Honors & Awards   
-	First-class academic scholarship, XDU, 2013-2015
-	Merit student, XDU, 2014-2016
-	Outstanding Bachelor Graduate, XDU, 2016
-	First-class academic scholarship, USTC, 2016-2017
-	Outstanding cadres of Student Association, USTC, 2016-2017

#### Competition
1. October, 2017~December, 2017: Precisely Locate The Store Where The User Is Located In The Mall, held by ALIBABA TIANCHI Big Data Competition, rank top 1%.
 
#### Internship   
1. July, 2017~ September, 2017: Anhui Loongsec sci & tech Co., Ltd, Hefei.

#### Publication:
1.	GUANGLIN ZHOU, FENG CHEN. DRFMM: a map-matching algorithm based on distributed random forest multi-classification. ICTETS 2018. 

#### Skills

-	**Technical**   
Programming language: Python, Java.  
Familiar with basic process of data mining and common machine learning algorithms, such as LR, SVM, NN, Native Bayes, RF.  
Experience with big data processing tools like Hadoop & Spark.  
Experience with structural database like MySQL & graphical database like Neo4j.  

-	**Language**     
Chinese native  
English (take TOEFL exam in 2018/09/16)
